# Data-retrieval-application

This is an application to query play-by-play data of the cricket league (IPL - Indian Premier League) for games up to 2017. The user will be able to sort/query data by player, team, match and ball-by-ball metrics to be able to see breakdowns across different areas of the sport. The goal is to allow the user to see how players and teams performed both across multiple seasons of play and also at different conditions within a single match (i.e, maybe a player performs better (with a higher
hit rate) at over 1 compared to over 10). Users will be able to add notes related to a player or a team. These notes would contain the user’s thoughts or opinions on the data they were looking at.
We have broken down the query options into 3 different pages, shown below in the “Implementation” section of this report. The first page is Match Search, which will display information related to either a specific match or an aggregate of matches. Depending on the filters selected, it could display anything from a single match’s data up to the sum across the entire dataset. Data displayed on this page is not designed for team- or player-specific, but rather looks at offensive and defensive stats, such as runs and wickets by over. The second page is Player Comparison, which allows the user to compare two players against each other in abstract, or compare their performance against a specific team. Individual stats are prioritized here, such as the player’s strike rate and the number of wickets they have taken. The final page is Team Comparison, which performs a very similar task to the Player Comparison page, but for teams instead of individual players. Screenshots of all of these pages are provided below.
